Examples custom nav guide (#6185)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/docs/guides/custom-admin-ui-navigation.mdx

```ts
type ListMeta = {
  // key is used as the unique key for each navigation item in React.
  key: string;
  // href to the list route in the Admin-UI.
  path: string;
  // Used as the label for each navigation item.
  label: string;
  /** There are other properties as well */
};

```

`authenticatedItem` is a union of potential authentication states, expanded on below:

```ts
type AuthenticatedItem =
  | { state: 'unauthenticated' }
  | { state: 'authenticated'; label: string; id: string; listKey: string }
  | { state: 'loading' }
  | { state: 'error'; error: Error | readonly [GraphQLError, ...GraphQLError[]] };
```

This should be handled for you automatically by passing the prop into the `NavigationContainer`,

!> `NavigationContainer` is one of many assistive components to help you more easily compose your custom Navigation component. You can read more about it down [below](#components).

?> If you wish to render out the `authenticatedItem` in a custom manner, please be aware that you will need to handle all of the possible states of the `authenticatedItem`. Explaining how to do this is out of the scope of this particular guide.

> ### Components

Author: Honestly this is definitely not the right place for *this* kind of documentation. 

Very much taking a 'let's get this content in first and figure out where it goes later' approach here.

import { Markdown } from '../../../components/Markdown';

# Custom Admin UI Navigation

> In this guide, we'll illustrate how to create a custom Navigation component with custom routes to be rendered in the Admin-UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we'll show you how to create a custom Navigation component with custom routes to be rendered in the Admin-UI.
```

## Creating your custom Navigation component

### Navigation props

Keystone passes the following props to your custom Navigation component:

```ts
type NavigationProps {
    lists: ListMeta[];
    authenticatedItem: AuthenticatedItem;
}
```

`lists` is an array of list objects that include amongst other things routing information to be rendered by the custom Navigation component.

```ts
type ListMeta = {
  // key is used as the unique key for each navigation item in React.
  key: string;
  // href to the list route in the Admin-UI.
  path: string;
  // Used as the label for each navigation item.
  label: string;
  /** There are other properties as well */
};

```

`authenticatedItem` is a union of potential authentication states, expanded on below:

```ts
type AuthenticatedItem =
  | { state: 'unauthenticated' }
  | { state: 'authenticated'; label: string; id: string; listKey: string }
  | { state: 'loading' }
  | { state: 'error'; error: Error | readonly [GraphQLError, ...GraphQLError[]] };
```

> This should be handled for you automatically by passing the prop into the `NavigationContainer`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `authenticatedItem` props is rendered automatically when you pass it into the `NavigationContainer` component.
```

> !> `NavigationContainer` is one of many assistive components to help you more easily compose your custom Navigation component. You can read more about it down [below](#components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> `NavigationContainer` is one of several higher-level components to help you more easily compose your custom Navigation component. You can read more about it down [below](#components).
```

> ?> If you wish to render out the `authenticatedItem` in a custom manner, please be aware that you will need to handle all of the possible states of the `authenticatedItem`. Explaining how to do this is out of the scope of this particular guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> If you render the `authenticatedItem` yourself, make sure you handle all of the possible states.
```

### Components

> Keystone exposes a variety of helper components to make building out your custom Admin-UI Navigation component easier. These are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keystone exposes a variety of helper components to make building out your custom Admin UI Navigation component easier. These are:
```

"Admin UI" is never "Admin-UI"

- [NavigationContainer](#navigation-container)
- [ListNavItems](#list-nav-items)
- [ListNavItem](#list-nav-item)
- [NavItem](#nav-item)

#### NavigationContainer

> This is component renders containing markup around your routes, as well as as the different stats of the authenticatedItem prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component renders containing markup around your navigation links, as well as as the different states of the `authenticatedItem` prop.
```

```tsx
import { NavigationContainer} from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components'
```

#### ListNavItems

> This component takes the provided Array of `lists` and renders out a list of NavItems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component takes the provided Array of `lists` and renders a list of NavItems.
```

```tsx
import { ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components'
```

As mentioned above the routes object has the following type:

```typescript
type lists = ListMeta[]
type include = string[]

> ```

Reviewer: This seems incorrect, maybe from an older version of the API?

The "routes object" isn't actually mentioned above (the concept of routes is) and these are just props, per the example below.

Better to express this (and the two types below) as describing props:

```suggestion
The `ListNavItems` component takes the following props:

```typescript
type ListNavProps = {
  lists: ListMeta[];
  include: string[];
}
```

If an include prop is supplied, the component will only render out lists that match the list `keys` specified in the include array.

```tsx
const CustomNavigation = ({ lists }) => (
  <NavContainer>
    <ListNavItems lists={lists} include={["Task"]} />
  </NavContainer>
)
```

![example of navigation with include prop values](/assets/guides/custom-admin-ui-navigation/listNavItems-with-include.png)

Otherwise, all lists will be added.

```tsx
const CustomNavigation = ({lists}) => (
  <NavContainer>
    <ListNavItems lists={lists}/>
  </NavContainer>
)
```

![example of navigation without include prop values](/assets/guides/custom-admin-ui-navigation/listNavItems-without-include.png)

#### ListNavItem

The ListNavItem component takes a single `list` object and renders a `NavItem`. This is a thin wrapper around `NavItem`, that automates the association of list properties to NavItem.
It also adds a custom `isSelected` expression optimised for keystone lists.

```tsx
import { ListNavItem } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
```

It expects the following props.

```typescript
type ListNavItemProps = {
  list: ListMeta;
};
```

> The impetus behind `ListNavItem` is to have a higher-level abstraction that can allow users to not have to care about the contents and structure of our lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea behind `ListNavItem` is to have a higher-level abstraction that makes it easier to render navigation links for lists consistently.
```

> This is especially relevant for future feature additions to the nav. (i.e. if we add icon support, that would work out of the box from a dependency bump for users of ListNavItem, whereas you'd have to add that icon prop manually leveraging a lower level component.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially relevant for future feature additions to the nav. (i.e. if we add icon support, that would work out of the box from a dependency bump for users of ListNavItem, whereas you'd have to add that icon prop manually with a lower level component.
```

Use this component when you want to have more granular control over rendering nav items from lists prop provided to the `Navigation` component by keystone,

> but would still like to not have to care about which list properties need to be associated with each NavItem prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but would still like to not have to worry about which list properties need to be associated with each NavItem prop.
```

#### NavItem

This component is a thin styling and accessibility wrapper around the Link component from Next.js

```tsx
import { NavItem } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components'
```

It expects the following props.

```ts
type NavItemProps = {
   // The path or URL to navigate to
  href: string,
  // React children of the component
  children: ReactNode,
  // Toggles on the selected style and aria-current attribute of the NavItem
  isSelected: boolean
}
```

By default the `isSelected` value if left undefined, will be evaluated by the condition `router.pathname === href`, pass in `isSelected` if you have a custom condition or would like more granular control over the selected state of Navigation items.

### Piecing it all together

The code snippet below shows how to use these three components in conjunction to create a custom Navigation component that:

> a) Has the styling constraints of the default Admin-UI navigation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a) Has the styling constraints of the default Admin UI navigation
```

b) Renders out all the necessary routes generated from our Keystone `lists`

c) Adds a new custom route to take us to the `keystonejs docs`.

> d) Renders out additional UI based on whether or not the user has signed in provided by the `authenticatedItem` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
d) Renders additional UI based on whether or not the user has signed in provided by the `authenticatedItem` prop.
```

If you want a custom order to your list based NavItems or want to insert custom markup but would still prefer not to pass list properties to `NavItem` yourself, you can use the exported `ListNavItem` component as below:

```tsx
// admin/components/CustomNavigation.tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItem } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, routes }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      <NavItem href="/">Dashboard</NavItem>
      {lists.map(list => (
        <>
          {/* Some additional custom markup here */}
          <ListNavItem list={list} />
        </>
      ))}
      <NavItem href="https://keystonejs.com/guides/custom-navigation-guide">
        Navigation Guide
      </NavItem>
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}

```

> ## Adding the custom navigation component to the Admin-UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding the custom navigation component to the Admin UI
```

> Keystone is made aware of custom components it needs to render in the Admin-UI via the `/admin/config.ts` file in your project root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keystone is made aware of custom components it needs to render in the Admin UI via the `/admin/config.ts` file in your project root.
```

import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      <ListNavItems lists={lists}/>
      {/* ... */}
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}
```

!> For more information on the `ListNavItems` component, see the [ListNavItems](#list-nav-items) section of the [component docs](#components) below.

### Adding additional routes

The `NavItem` component is a thin styling and accessibility wrapper around the `Link` component from Next.js. We'll use this component to render our custom route as well as the `Dashboard` route.

```tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      <NavItem href="/">Dashboard</NavItem>
      <ListNavItems lists={lists}/>
      <NavItem href="https://keystonejs.com/">

>         KeystoneJS Docs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Keystone Docs
```

      </NavItem>
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}
```

!> For more information on the `NavItem` component, see the [NavItem](#nav-item) section of the [component docs](#components) below.

?> **Note** When opting into a custom Navigation component you will need to specify a NavItem for the `Dashboard` page (the `/` route).

### Putting it all together

With all that done, your Custom Navigation component should be good to go, and your `/admin` folder should look like this.

```tsx
// admin/components/CustomNavigation.tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      <NavItem href="/">Dashboard</NavItem>
      <ListNavItems lists={lists}/>
      <NavItem href="https://keystonejs.com/">

>         KeystoneJS Docs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Keystone Docs
```

  | { state: 'error'; error: Error | readonly [GraphQLError, ...GraphQLError[]] };
```

The `authenticatedItem` props is rendered automatically when you pass it into the `NavigationContainer` component.

?> If you render the `authenticatedItem` yourself, make sure you handle all of the possible states.

## Components

Keystone exposes a variety of helper components to make building out your custom Admin UI Navigation component easier. These are:

- [NavigationContainer](#navigation-container)
- [ListNavItems](#list-nav-items)
- [ListNavItem](#list-nav-item)
- [NavItem](#nav-item)

### NavigationContainer

This component renders containing markup around your navigation links, as well as as the different states of the `authenticatedItem` prop.

!> For the shape of the authenticatedItem prop, please see the [Navigation Props](#navigation-props) section above.

```tsx
import { NavigationContainer} from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components'

export const CustomNavigation = ({ lists, authenticatedItem }) => {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      {/* ... */}
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}
```

### ListNavItems

> This component takes the provided Array of `lists` and renders a list of `NavItems`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This component takes the provided array of `lists` and renders a list of `NavItems`.
```

```tsx
import { ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components'
```

> As mentioned above the lists object has the following type:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `lists` object has the following type:
```

```typescript
type lists = ListMeta[]
type include = string[]
```

> If an include prop is supplied, the component will only render out lists that match the list `keys` specified in the include array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an `include` prop is supplied, the component will only render out lists that match the list `keys` specified in the `include` array.
```

import { Markdown } from '../../../components/Markdown';

# Custom Admin UI Navigation

In this guide, we'll show you how to create a custom Navigation component to be rendered in the Admin UI.

!> By the end of this guide you should have a custom Navigation component rendering in the Admin UI with a custom route pointing to the KeystoneJS docs.
![finished custom navigation example](/assets/guides/custom-admin-ui-navigation/final-result.png)

## Adding the custom navigation component to the Admin UI

The first thing you'll need to do is to specify an `/admin/config.ts` file in the root of your Keystone project.

Reference your custom Navigation component in the export as so.

```ts
// /admin/config.ts
import type { AdminConfig } from '@keystone-next/types';
import { CustomNavigation } from './components/CustomNavigation';

export const component: AdminConfig['components'] = {
    Navigation: CustomNavigation
}
```

## Creating your custom Navigation component

The next step is to create our `CustomNavigation` React component.
In the root of your project create a new tsx file at `/admin/components/CustomNavigation.tsx`.

> Here we'll export our CustomNavigation component as a named export.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here we'll export our `CustomNavigation` component as a named export.
```

```tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      <ListNavItems lists={lists}/>
      {/* ... */}
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}
```

!> For more information on the `ListNavItems` component, see the [ListNavItems](#list-nav-items) section of the [component docs](#components) below.

### Adding additional routes

The `NavItem` component is a thin styling and accessibility wrapper around the Link component from Next.js. We'll use this component to render our custom route as well as the `Dashboard` route.

```tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>

>       <NavItem href="/">Dashboard<NavItem>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <NavItem href="/">Dashboard</NavItem>
```

?> **Note** When opting into a custom Navigation component you will need to specify a NavItem for the `Dashboard` page (the `/` route).

### Putting it all together

With all that done, your Custom Navigation component should be good to go, and your `/admin` folder should look like this.

```tsx
// admin/components/CustomNavigation.tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      <NavItem href="/">Dashboard</NavItem>
      <ListNavItems lists={lists}/>
      <NavItem href="https://keystonejs.com/guides/custom-navigation-guide">
        Navigation Guide
      </NavItem>
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}

// admin/config.ts
import { AdminConfig } from '@keystone-next/types';
export type AdminConfig = {
  components?: {
    Logo?: (props: {}) => ReactElement;
    Navigation?: (props: NavigationProps) => ReactElement;
  };

> };

Reviewer 2: This should be exporting the value, not the type.

import { Markdown } from '../../../components/Markdown';

# Custom Admin UI Navigation

In this guide, we'll show you how to create a custom Navigation component to be rendered in the Admin UI.

!> By the end of this guide you should have a custom Navigation component rendering in the Admin UI with a custom route pointing to the KeystoneJS docs.
![finished custom navigation example](/assets/guides/custom-admin-ui-navigation/final-result.png)

## Adding the custom navigation component to the Admin UI

> The first thing you'll need to do in creating your custom Navigation component is to specify an `/admin/config.ts` file in the root of your Keystone project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first thing you'll need to do is to specify an `/admin/config.ts` file in the root of your Keystone project.
```

> Keystone is made aware of custom components it needs to render in the Admin UI via the `/admin/config.ts` file.
> Below is the expected type for the component export:
> 
> ```ts
> export type AdminConfig = {
>   components?: {
>     Logo?: (props: {}) => ReactElement;
>     Navigation?: (props: NavigationProps) => ReactElement;
>   };
> };
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This info isn't really helpful at this stage. We can just show them what to put in file, they can worry about typescript later.

> Reference your custom Navigation component in the export as so, the exported component can either be declared inline or imported from elsewhere in your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reference your custom Navigation component in the export as so.
```

> ```ts
> import type { AdminConfig } from '@keystone-next/types';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```ts
// /admin/config.ts
import type { AdminConfig } from '@keystone-next/types';
```

> import { CustomNavigation } from './components/CustomNavigation';
> export  const component: AdminConfig['components'] = {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
import { CustomNavigation } from './components/CustomNavigation';

export const component: AdminConfig['components'] = {
```

    Navigation: CustomNavigation
}
```

## Creating your custom Navigation component

The next step is to create our `CustomNavigation` React component.
In the root of your project create a new tsx file at `/admin/components/CustomNavigation.tsx`.

Here we'll export our CustomNavigation component as a named export.

```tsx

> export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {

Reviewer 2: Let's add the appropriate `NavigationProps` import to this snippet, and also include a filename comment at the top for consistency.

  return (
    {/* ... */}
  )
}
```

> If it detects a Navigation property in the `config.tsx` file we created earlier, Keystone will pass the following props to this component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keystone will pass the following props to this component.
```

```tsx
type NavigationProps = {
  lists: ListMeta[];
  authenticatedItem: AuthenticatedItem
}
```

!> For more information on the props, please see the [Navigation Props](#navigation-props) section of this guide.

### Setting up the layout

Next we'll want to import some components that Keystone provides to help us build our custom Navigation.

```tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
```

> The `NavigationContainer` component renders containing markup around your navigation links, as well as as the different states of the `authenticatedItem` prop. We'll need this to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `NavigationContainer` component provides a container around your navigation links, as well as the different states of the `authenticatedItem` prop. We'll need this to:
```

  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      {/* ... */}
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}
```

!> For more information on the `NavigationContainer` see the [NavigationContainer](#navigation-container) section of the [component docs](#components) below.

### Rendering NavItems for Keystone lists

The `ListNavItems` component takes the provided Array of `lists` and renders a list of NavItems. We'll use this component to help us easily create NavItems from Keystone lists.

```tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      <ListNavItems lists={lists}/>
      {/* ... */}
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}
```

!> For more information on the `ListNavItems` component, see the [ListNavItems](#list-nav-items) section of the [component docs](#components) below.

### Adding additional routes

> The `NavItem` component is a thin styling and accessibility wrapper around the Link component from Next.js. We'll use this component to render out custom route as well as the `Dashboard` route that Keystone expects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `NavItem` component is a thin styling and accessibility wrapper around the Link component from Next.js. We'll use this component to render our custom route as well as the `Dashboard` route.
```

```tsx
import { NavigationContainer, NavItem, ListNavItems } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
import type { NavigationProps } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';

export function CustomNavigation({ authenticatedItem, lists }: NavigationProps) {
  return (
    <NavigationContainer authenticatedItem={authenticatedItem}>
      <NavItem href="/">Dashboard<NavItem>
      <ListNavItems lists={lists}/>
      <NavItem href="https://keystonejs.com/guides/custom-navigation-guide">
        Navigation Guide
      </NavItem>
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}
```

!> For more information on the `NavItem` component, see the [NavItem](#nav-item) section of the [component docs](#components) below.

> ?> **Note** When opting into a custom Navigation component you will need to specify a NavItem for the `Dashboard` page (the index route). Keystone doesn't provide this to you out of the box, as it's not strictly a list concern, but doing so is straight-forward as seen in the snippet above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
?> **Note** When opting into a custom Navigation component you will need to specify a NavItem for the `Dashboard` page (the `/` route).
```

### Putting it all together

> With all that done, your Custom Navigation component should be good to go, and your admin folder should look like this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With all that done, your Custom Navigation component should be good to go, and your `/admin` folder should look like this.
```

      <NavItem href="https://keystonejs.com/guides/custom-navigation-guide">
        Navigation Guide
      </NavItem>
    </NavigationContainer>
  )
}

// admin/config.ts
import { AdminConfig } from '@keystone-next/types';
export type AdminConfig = {
  components?: {
    Logo?: (props: {}) => ReactElement;
    Navigation?: (props: NavigationProps) => ReactElement;
  };
};
```

Start up your Keystone project, and you should see Custom Navigation with a route to the KeystoneJS docs in the Admin UI.
![finished custom navigation example](/assets/guides/custom-admin-ui-navigation/final-result.png)

!> The rest of this guide will elaborate on some of the details around the helper components Keystone provides and the Navigation props that we glossed over in the main guide.

## Navigation props

This section is to provide more granular information around the props that Keystone passes to your Custom Navigation component.

```tsx
export const CustomNavigation = ({ lists, authenticatedItem }) => {}
```

Keystone passes the following props to your custom Navigation component:

```ts
type NavigationProps {
    lists: ListMeta[];
    authenticatedItem: AuthenticatedItem;
}
```

> `lists` is an array of keystone list objects. Internally Keystone filters through your lists and ensures that only visible lists are passed through to you in the `lists` array prop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`lists` is an array of Keystone list objects. Internally Keystone filters through your lists and ensures that only visible lists are passed through to you in the `lists` array prop.
```

    <ListNavItems lists={lists} />
  </NavigationContainer>
)
```

![example of navigation without include prop values](/assets/guides/custom-admin-ui-navigation/listNavItems-without-include.png)

### ListNavItem

!> This component wasn't mentiond in the core guide as for most use cases you'll want to use `ListNavItems` or `NavItem` instead.

The `ListNavItem` component takes a single `list` object and renders a `NavItem`. This is a thin wrapper around `NavItem`, that automates the association of list properties to `NavItem`.
It also adds a custom `isSelected` expression optimised for Keystone lists.

```tsx
import { ListNavItem } from '@keystone-next/keystone/admin-ui/components';
```

It expects the following props.

```typescript
type ListNavItemProps = {
  list: ListMeta;
};
```

The idea behind `ListNavItem` is to have a higher-level abstraction that makes it easier to render navigation links for lists consistently.
This is especially relevant for future feature additions to the nav. (i.e. if we add icon support, that would work out of the box from a dependency bump for users of ListNavItem, whereas you'd have to add that icon prop manually with a lower level component.)

> Use this component when you want to have more granular control over rendering nav items from lists prop provided to the `Navigation` component by keystone,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this component when you want to have more granular control over rendering nav items from lists prop provided to the `Navigation` component by Keystone,
```
